---
title: My Cynthia Somewhere Else
date: 2007-05-07 17:17:24 Z
permalink: "/798/"
categories:
- Skyler
id: 798
author: Cynthia
layout: post
guid: http://lewynandez.com/?p=798
---

What a weekend. I thought it was going to be another great weekend spent with my girlfriend of almost two months (Tuesday!) but her grandpa was put in the hospitol. Really sad. So they decided to leave to the great state of California, almost at impulse…

I have been home, all weekend. Pretty bored. I came home to upgrade all of my hosting service for this, as well as other, websites. And while I was here I decided I would express my extreme loneliness.

Amazing how quickly a person can become dependant on a person. It has almost been, if I have not been with my Cynthia and her family, my day just doesnt seem as complete. And since I have know the Nandez’ family, I havent spent more than a day and a half away. They are a very open and giving family who is willing to give anything they own to you. Especially food. Their family is really amazing, and everyone would bennefit from knowing them.

Anyways, I Know I meant alot to Cynthia, and she means so much to me. I never really understood how much she cared about me though. I have never had a girlfriend quite so amazing, and I have never had anyone feel anything (except maybe relief) when leaving me for a few days. On friday when she was about to leave for her family, she just wouldn’t let me go. She held on to me until the very last second she had to leave. The whole time on the verg of tears, and finally in the last five minutes bursting into those tears. It made me really feel special. And as much as I loved her before, I just love her that much more. I know you will read this honey. I will be with you forever. You are my life. I cant wait to spend it with you.

…as far as what I did this weekend… pretty much just chill. Saturday, I woke up, kinda late… of course. I went to band practice. With this new band called Run for Revenge. They played a show with victim effect a week ago, that Cynthia took me to, and she talked to Ty, the bassist, wondering if they wanted to try a new drummer. And here I am, a week later, their new kick ass drummer. We have a show on the 25th of may as well as the 8th of June, and a few dates after. We will be hitting the studio next week, I believe. Its a neat hardcore band, with alot of epic riffs that make you go, huh, these kids are good. Though, I broke two pairs of sticks in 4 hours, and my hands are very blistered. I cant fucking afford 10 bucks a practice, I gotto do something different about my sticks, thicker or taped or both or something.

Anyways, This is all I am going to write. Cynthia is coming back either monday or tuesday, and I miss her more than anything, and I cant wait to see her again.

//sky