---
title: Update August 21,2008
date: 2008-08-22 04:58:30 Z
permalink: "/update-august-212008/"
categories:
- Cynthia
id: 32
author: Cynthia
layout: post
guid: http://lewynandez.com/?p=32
---

Well me and Skyler are doing so good! we love being married and are 1month married! =] Its so fun. We enjoy just relaxing at home together and finding odd things to do like going to wal mart at 11 and getting a laser pointer for the cat. we laughed for hours and hours. that poor cat probably lost all its body weight from running around so much! it was panting! hahaha Jack even gets into the game.

This month we have been to two weddings, my cousin Leanne was married on 08/08/08 in the salt lake temple then my onchie got married the next day. it was alot of fun and its always good to see friends and family you havent seen in awhile. both brides looked absolutely beautiful too! Onch moved just down the street from us and we have been hanging out with them till all hours of the night. we will even be going to church with them. which will be nice to have some familiar faces in a new place.

We just recently got registered for school and im super super excited to be taking both my classes with my husband! I really cant wait! We have American National Government on Tuesday from 6-9 PM and Spanish 1 on Saturday from 8-10 AM! It will be fun just as long as Skyler will be with me.

We also recieved all of our wedding videos and photos! They are absolutely perfect!the video makes me cry and the photos are PICTURE PERFECT! =] Everyone looked so cute and our wedding really was amazing! It was fun to look back on our special day and see things we didnt realize before. Our kids and grandkids will be watching this special movie and looking at our photographs.

We aren&#8217;t prego yet. Not for awhile. We want one but the only kids we will have for awhile is Jack and Sasha. =]

Well we love you all very much. More updates to come!

Love
  
Cynthia Lewis