---
id: 20
title: Lucky 13.
date: 2008-06-29T18:41:53+00:00
author: Skyler
layout: post
guid: http://lewynandez.com/?p=20
permalink: /lucky-13/
categories:
  - Skyler
---
So, we have 13 more days until the wedding. Its coming so fast I almost don&#8217;t even think its real. Its been a crazy last couple weeks full of planning and getting ready. This last week we finalized the plans for the reception and the ceremony, and we also all got sized for tuxes. So we are getting really close. We have the cake, we have the invites out, we have the honey moon, we have the apartment. We are ready to go!

Speaking of apartment, this last week we have been moving in to our new apartment! We got it just in the nick of time, and it is so freakin nice! Its got a really nice view of the lake, and we can even see boats running around in the morning! It feels like california! The apartment is nice and spacious and everyone has been so helpful, just giving anything and everything to us, we got free couches that our good friend brad found, an entertainment center, and a tv stand, that Scott and Marion gave us, and we even got things like toilet paper! All for free! Its crazy how many people are being so generous!

The strangest thing happened though, Little Mark had a seizure. It was really scary! The doctors couldn&#8217;t really figure out what happened, so we are just watching him for a few days, but he seems to be alright, and I don&#8217;t think there will be a re-occurance. So, cross your fingers, everything is alright. 🙂

Hope all is well with your family as I believe everything is with mine.

Skyler