---
id: 21
title: 6 Days????
date: 2008-07-07T04:40:46+00:00
author: Skyler
layout: post
guid: http://lewynandez.com/?p=21
permalink: /6-days/
categories:
  - Skyler
---
WOW! Six more days, I can remember saying a few months ago how crazy it was going to be when I could say I only have one more week, and look at me now! Its been more days since my last post than I have left! We have a few more odd things to tie down before we are completely good, but we pretty much have it all down. Meeting with our bishop on thursday, Nolans tux still needs to get fitted, and we have to put the favors together, but other than that we are done! Its crazy to think that is it.

Its kind of stressful cause we are getting really tight on money as it goes, we are just trying to have as much money for the honey moon as possible. We are looking at the vacation as if we were not going to get any money from the wedding. If we can plan that far ahead, we will be more in the black than we could have hoped for. So its getting tight. We&#8217;ll work it out as always, but it still sucks being an adult and having bills.

Today we had some family over, cynthias family and cousins were here helping us fix the tile on the table and eating dinner, and after we were getting things settled and we were playing a board game, the washer decided it wanted to break and it flooded half the kitchen and about an inch and a half of water in the laundry room. It was a simple problem that was easily fixed but it freakin sucked! Mark and Leticia and Marion helped us clean up, and it all ended up ok, but it was still pretty crazy&#8230;.. man, and then the shelf exploded all on top of us and we had to fix that too! So lots of little fixer uppers!

I only have six days and all I really want to do is take this next week off of work and spend time with my Mom and Dad and also with Cynthia, but I swear I have hardly any time for anything anymore, Im almost more excited to have this whole wedding thing behind us. Soon enough I guess. Just a lot of stress, and I feel like I am neglecting a lot of things that I need to catch up on. I mean my brother is now home off his mission and I have hardly seen him&#8230;. though he&#8217;s really too much in love with his lady Brooke&#8230;. so lol. All works out.

Love the Lewis Family.

Skyler